<!doctype html>
<html>
  <head>
   <link rel="icon" 
      type="image/png" 
      href="./images/h.png">
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="chrome=1">
    <title>Halcyon Eng. by HalcyonEngineering</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheets/styles.css">
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheets/pygment_trac.css">
    <script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.7.1/jquery.min.js"></script>
    <script src="javascripts/respond.js"></script>
    <!--[if lt IE 9]>
      <script src="//html5shiv.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/html5.js"></script>
    <![endif]-->
    <!--[if lt IE 8]>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheets/ie.css">
    <![endif]-->
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1, user-scalable=no">

  </head>
  <body>
      <div id="header">
        <nav>
          <li class="fork"><a href="https://github.com/HalcyonEngineering">View On GitHub</a></li>
        </nav>
      </div><!-- end header -->

    <div class="wrapper">

      <section>
        <div id="title">
          <h1>Halcyon Eng. (Team 15)</h1>
          <p>Minutes Records</p>
          <hr>
          <span class="credits left">Project maintained by <a href="https://github.com/HalcyonEngineering">HalcyonEngineering</a></span>
          <span class="credits right">Hosted on GitHub Pages &mdash; Theme by <a href="https://twitter.com/michigangraham">mattgraham</a></span>
        </div>

        <h3>

<h2><p>TA MEETING 1</p>  
<p>Date of Meeting: 2014-01-22</p>
<p>Duration Time: 12:00 – 12:50 Noon </p>
<p>List of Attendees: Andy, David, Phattrick, Kenneth, Matthew, Jon</p> 
<p>Meeting Location/Communication Medium Used: ICCS X237</p> 
<p>Issues Discussed: Phase Assignment, System Breakdown, Problems and questions we have for the client, Do we have sub-teams created?, What are we doing now?, Planning future meeting with TA, Questions for the TA, Agenda for the Meeting with the Client</p></h2>
<pre><code>    We began meeting by reporting to Deepak the Phase Roles and also Management Roles.
He asked us regarding the meeting with the client and understanding of the system
requirements. David reports that there are limitations as to the client technical
knowledge and our limitation to ask questions to Jason CTO. 
</code></pre>

<pre><code>System Breakdown: 

Deepak continues to ask us regarding the system breakdown. David walks him through:

1)	Start by importing all the CSV file into the Pitch’n database
2)	Once the data is in the database, the administrator should be able to filter search
the data base by specific attributes. The administrator should then be able to message
them and manage them. The administrator should also have access to individual scheduling
(their availability) 
3)	We should be able to transform a list of volunteers to a manageable database
</code></pre>

<pre><code>Problems and questions we have for the client:

-	We have technical questions, functional questions and systematic questions
-	Deepak checks that we have already schedule a second meeting with the client.
We report that the next meeting is scheduled next Monday at 12:00 Noon in ICCS x237. 
1)	Why must we use email for individual identification. Problem will arise if the
individual wants to change the email they are registered under.  
2)	We want to know more about the technical aspect of their existing system so that
integration with our project would be easier

</code></pre>

<pre><code>Do we have sub-teams created?

-	David replies since we have a limited knowledge of the project at the moment
we do not yet have divided sub-teams. 
-	Deepak suggests that we split into sub-teams so that details of each aspect
could be focused more and they can do their assigned parts in the documentation.
This would make sense since the assigned sub-team would know more in their respectively
assigned parts. However this DOES NOT mean that the other sub-teams do not help with
other sub-teams in their assigned roles. 

</code></pre>

<pre><code>What are we doing now?

-	We are doing research for this week on existing systems. 
-	Deepak says we need to write down assigned tasks much like a contract to keep
track of what is accomplished in a timeline. We need to make sure that we can deliver
on the due dates that we sign off, following the provided schedule given in lecture slides.  
-	For each assigned tasks, we should go to the TA to get a sign off but we should also
get the client to agree as well. This should be done with the client in the next client meeting. 
-	Note that the next meetings with the TA, the meetings are conducted by group members
only and the TA will only be watching.  
-	TA reminds that will send him via email, regarding role assignment and phase assignment. 

</code></pre>

<pre><code>Planning future meeting with TA: 

-	Jon shows the TA our combined schedule, we decide that we are meeting next week
Wednesday 12-1 pm, location should always be in ICCS 237.
-	Note that further meetings with the TA for the rest of the semester is also going to be
Wednesdays 12-1 pm. Ideal location for these meetings is ICCS 237, however if the TA finds a
better room, he will notify Jon via email and Jon will notify the rest of the time. 
-	In case if we fail to book room x237, Jon will contact the TA by email
</code></pre>

<pre><code>Questions for the TA:

-	Should we make a UI proto-type for Sean to look at? We can do that, it’s fine if we can
quickly create mock-ups. In case if the client does not like it, can we change the mock-up
quickly? A good way to present a mock-up is to draw it out on white board. However don’t go
into too much detail in the UI because we need to focus first on requirement and functionality.
If there is something that we are not sure about yet and cannot be tested, it should be
mentioned before the creating of a mock-up. We need to check all the requirements are
testable first. Make sure that there is no ambiguity anywhere. 
-	Can we show the client the SRS template during the client meeting? We want to show
him the list of things that we need to show out. The TA has agreed that this is fine
since there are no rules as to what can be done. As long as the client as agreed to
the requirements and the requirement is testable it’ll be fine. 
-	If the client is willing to meet with us, is it okay to meet up with him as long as he is willing?
Deepak is unsure if we can schedule weekly meetings with the client so he will ask Kurt
regarding this question and notify by email. The TA himself thinks it is fine but he
needs to double check with Kurt. 
-	Is it okay for CC the TA in the emails? It is okay but he might not necessarily participate
in the conversation. He would just scan it and not dive into the details. 
-	Is the best way to contact the TA via email? Yes. He is usually in the ICCS 308 (West Wing)
Monday to Friday. 
</code></pre>

<pre><code>Agenda for the Meeting with the Client:

-	Functionality 
-	SRS
-	Mock-up for UI 
</code></pre>

<p>Follow-up: Team meeting tomorrow Thursday (Jan 23) as 12:30. Meeting next week with the TA in room x237 ICCS at 12:00-1:00 PM on Wednesday</p>

<p>Continue Researching guys!</P> 


<p><a href="index.html">Back to Hompage</a></p>
    </div>
    <!--[if !IE]><script>fixScale(document);</script><![endif]-->
    
  </body>
</html>
